       Day1 :
    1. Basic Java Programming Questions
    2. Write a Java program to display "Hello World".
    3. Write a Java program to add two numbers and display the result.
    4. Write a Java program to subtract two numbers.
    5. Write a Java program to multiply two numbers.
    6. Write a Java program to divide two numbers and display the quotient.
    7. Write a Java program to find the remainder of two numbers.
    8. Write a Java program to find the largest of two numbers.
    9. Write a Java program to find the largest of three numbers.
    10. Write a Java program to check whether a number is even or odd.
    11. Write a Java program to check whether a number is positive, negative, or zero.
    12. Write a Java program to swap two numbers using a temporary variable.
    13. Write a Java program to swap two numbers without using a temporary variable.
    14. Write a Java program to calculate the factorial of a number.
    15. Write a Java program to generate the multiplication table of a given number.
    16. Write a Java program to find the sum of the first N natural numbers.
    17. Write a Java program to find the sum of the digits of a number.
    18. Write a Java program to reverse a given number.
    19. Write a Java program to check whether a number is a palindrome.
    20. Write a Java program to check whether a number is a prime number.
    21. Write a Java program to display all prime numbers within a given range.
    22. Write a Java program to generate the Fibonacci series up to N terms.
    23. Write a Java program to check whether a number is an Armstrong number.
    24. Write a Java program to find the greatest common divisor (GCD) of two numbers.
    25. Write a Java program to find the least common multiple (LCM) of two numbers.
    26. Write a Java program to count the number of digits in a number.
    27. Write a Java program to calculate the power of a number.
    28. Write a Java program to find the largest element in an array.
    29. Write a Java program to find the smallest element in an array.
    30. Write a Java program to calculate the sum of all elements in an array.
    31. Write a Java program to calculate the average of array elements